[Segment 9 - 80:00]
 Now, is it learned or is it a conditional response? Is it just something and then, and then if they're like, oh man, this person's happy all the time. I can just say whatever I want to say. I can just cut them off and all of that stuff. Because again, they're that tall, you're that tall, they're assuming that they can be imposing, but necessarily, you're like, I'm like, oh my God, because all we're gonna do around amply headquarters is say, you think she's nice, but you're gonna get your head cut if you go in that room and not be prepared. So you think me and the CTO are freaking crazy. Wait till you go in there, you're not prepared one on one. Now, if she's laughing, she's about to fire you. That's only because she's trying not to throw something, but that's her response. Now, you know, or you're like, oh my God, she named it smile in there with me the whole time. She was like, right there, you were like that. Like, I'm scared right there. So what do we deliver that day? I mean, we figure it out. We've done the homework, we didn't lie about it. We talked to these folks. This is our beach head, you can believe it or not. And then, but we got to rehearse. But once we get down to it, we have to rehearse reaction to how we look, how we sound, all of that. And we can't squeeze. And if we know it, we know it. And then, you know, we'll go from there. But that's the, that's hope. I just wanted to say that early. And now I wait to have to then talk about the human factor of who we seem to be. And to tell you, it took me, I worked on this whole nice thing for two years. It took me two years and I laugh at myself. People are like, oh my God, I'm so nice. I go, that's funny. Nobody ever said it about me. Ever. My wife, my wife would tell you, she's like, what? I tell you what people say. People say it's aggressive and he's intimidating. And I purposely worked on this. If I can do it, anybody else can. Yeah. No, I hear you. I thought it. I mean, after this, I mean, at the end of the day, we just made a monster. I mean, all you know, I mean, I just want to be able to get alone one day. You know, when you guys are there on the yacht, you don't act like you don't know nobody. If anyone thought the yacht, then we're all at the yacht. Either it's one yacht for the three of us or it's three off for the three. Nobody's having a deal here. Don't think I let out. But depending on how much we get, we'll figure out if it's one for the three of us or it's three for the three of us. Does the CEO make, I mean, the CFO make more than the CFO? Oh, I don't think so. I don't think the CTO is making more money than the COO. I mean, if I'm hiding money as a CFO, then that's one thing. If I'm like, man, this is how much you're, this is how much repan, you know, what your golden parachute, but mine is platinum. So yeah, I know. This is, yeah, just, I think it's, like you said, you know, part of that last conversation, I think it's, it's there. But then how do we convince both that our beachhead is, is. I worked the mud thing. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not too concerned about. I think when we started, I was concerned, but like, I was saying that we were still like trying to get to what is that thing? Like, what are we working on kind of like, yes, the idea is there and we were trying to form it further. But I think. I, at this point, I am, I see us going and moving accurately. And I'm not concerned about us getting to that point, right? Because like, identifying that beachhead being clearly and being convincing about it, because I think, I think we're getting there. And, and I think that's a good sign. So I, I'm not too concerned about it right now because I think we're not too concerned about it right now because based on the meetings we've had and people were continuing to talk to, I think, I think my concern right now is like, how do we get more people to talk to? And how do we tap into that external outside of our known networks, right? Like, how can we get to that? And that's what I was like checking with Aaron. But otherwise I think we're. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. We're clear to send that note out to the folk, the, the competitors that we found on LinkedIn and just go ahead and. No, can we get back to you on the, I just want to look at the questions and haven't done that. So let's do that tomorrow and get it to you. Cool. I just want to say, Don, I'm glad we're thinking about this. Yeah, because these are very, these are instrumental in our building what we go forward, you know, with the team and all of our relationships. So, yeah, which is lucky that you have that experience and it's going to be very valuable for us if you are able to put your notes down in like a diary so that we can, you know, revisit them every now and then because these are some, these conversations. I know this is, this is being recorded. So I will do what I have to do, extract the value out of it and send it back. But this is stuff that I think all of us will need to cultivate as we continue to pitch. I have been in rooms. I have done pitches and you are absolutely spot on in about how people see you sometimes just because you, they don't like your face. They don't really mean about the questions and they, all their only goal is to make sure that you come out, come out looking like an idiot. And that is as good as it gets to look, put you a few steps away from your money. Right? So I, I, I generally, I'm quite confident about what we build and stuff like when the space we are in. I'm happy that we've picked a very, I see this, this is very, it's expansive, it's lucrative and it's growing. So it's only about us finding a, finding our in. That's one with Rookma being leading us. I have seen her in a car. I've seen her at. In very wicked positions. I've seen her with leaders who tried to get her and sit and at the end of the day, she's just followed this part that has some values and she has these principles that have kept her. Yeah, there has been suffering, but at the end of the day, the guy standing had to leave, you know, it's always been like she comes out of it winning. It's not pleasant. It's none of it, but we have seen a stand there and I've seen this. She's worked at Massacad for almost 24 years. So I'm not that, I quit the corporate life a long time ago. I used to and I did not like it because I just could not deal with that politics. I could not deal with that. It's like a war zone in there. And what gives me confidence now is that you come with all of the hallmarks that you need in this world, but they don't follow it. What's going to happen here is you're going to teach them a thing or two because everything I've learned about the corporate life leans in everything. It comes from all war books, strategy books, everything's learned from the battlefield and it just kind of twisted up and they bring it even your HR policies, everything, right? It's all watered down bullshit that they've fit in there and it is used to the advantage of the company. This is the way I see it and I see, correct me if I'm wrong, but this is the way it is. How does how does Ruck met and we're talking to her like she's not here? How does she have these good, these good wholesome values where she's like, you know, a value people, I like people. I mean, where did this come from? Because people are drumming assholes that I meet out there and they don't, they don't, they don't try to help people. They, they, they're generally only help their family. They don't help strangers and any of the stuff. I mean, I'm a person anyway. How is it that she's so, you know, I mean, I'm serious. I'm a slap semi for you one day. I mean, it is what it is, right? You know, especially in the corporate environment. But because all the stuff that people say that they want, they don't really want out of, out of their leadership, but then you are that person, but then they actually believe that Elon Musk and that, that Amazon guys like this. And like those guys, there's no way possible. They're even caring about humanity, right? And yet that is why people will, you know, sacrifice or, you know, do this stuff actually on the battlefield for people that they believe in, right? I mean, shit.

[Segment 10 - 90:00]
 I'm spending this because I believe in it, right? But I mean, I got my other family. You guys are this part of my family. I got the other family out there. But we know we gotta do this, but you don't do this for new asshole. You do this because you believe in the person that's leading the ship and you want them to do things. I don't know if you trust or Alec, but I tell you that this is this I do. And I see what you're saying. So it's just that, again, it's that you, I know, because you're like, yeah, I just saw you smile your way and then you leave and you go to the person's like, man, so you told me that, I've seen it. And yet they were like, oh no, she didn't know I was like this. No, she saw everything. There will be the people that are behind the scenes that get there, but getting this thing to the doors different undertaking. So like you guys have seen the corporate side, our side is kind of corporate but not, but it runs the exact same way. And so we just don't, we talk about, monies that I don't actually see that is still the same concept. It's come from the charity treasury from one country to another. I think, sorry, I just want to say like, I think all the principles businesses, business and corporate is run on is from the military, right? And so you know all of the principles, you just not implemented it in. When you walk into that room, you're going to be, I know this shit, I've done this better. I promise you not, you will. It is the thing is these fools haven't recognized it as yet. If I don't, I'm just what I'm saying. I don't know if you're looking at people or looking outwards thinking about getting hired in the corporate world. And you, if you, they've not seen it as yet. They don't understand what value you bring because sometimes there's just this disconnect given the limited attention people have. And they don't, they're not looking, they're looking at what you. Is the thing you said, you're looking at the trees and not the forest. And that's, that's what, that's what's happening. That's what they're not seeing. And so you're saying that Amblig takes off that I need to go to a hair club for men and get some clothes. So I can do the ponytail, you know, in the back. Or they can, you know, the ball, you know, I'm gonna take some. Let's just get you a wig. I'm gonna take some. We'll try different hairstyles every day. It's not gonna be okay. Come with blonde hair tomorrow. You wrap to wrap up my, to what I started with. As far as what they offer to offer us at JSSA, they have a formula, they have a system. Each of them have certain goals that they need to achieve. I believe I have, I recognize them. All we need to do is confirm that this is what they want. And we will say exactly what they want to hear because that is what we'll take as I am. Clearly there is nothing else. They just want to hear certain things. And if they hear them, they'll move because they cannot move out of that system. They are a part of a larger program. This is an advantage to us because you guys have paid these heavy fees and got into this network and you've got the corner stamp. But I am quite, I assure you that all of our other pitches or other meetings will not be the same. These guys are Marley Kardlingers at this time. They're walking us through the process. They've been gentle. And we can afford to be as souls with them because they will walk, they want to help us move forward. So I would say be as, you know, let's not try to impress them. Wow. Let's not try to impress them to win. Let's just impress them to show them who we are. Let's be intelligent. We have our own principles. We have our own thoughts and we, you know, we work together well like a team because that's what I believe they want to see. All of the rest of it is just a deliverable. Yeah, cause I still know how, if we're not getting amply tattoos but people can corneal tattoos. I mean, I was only kidding about that. School started and yet y'all got tattoos. So you believe in amply. See, you know, we got tattoos approved. So or whatever the name is going to be because we got to work on that at some point. What do you think about the weed that we start altering the name after August 7th or in start, look for a new name if it's we deem that it's a thing? We can start now. Yeah, before these guys make that post, don't let them make that post unlinked it. Well, that's right because we, they're going to put our picture up there. Yeah. Yeah, because that's going to be a bit of a chaos going forward. You want to both come to the table maybe 50 different name options. Let's see what. Or five or five good ones. Five, that's good. Fifty, fifty, so that's good. You remember how we were, we, he was like, hey, come over 25 business ideas and stuff. And I was thinking, you know, the your fear, you will run it down to your five best. Did you got? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Like you can do the 50 and then yeah, bring down the five. So say it again, what made you think of this again? And what did you wanted to do? I think I just wanted to make sure it was tied into like am like it was kind of like plenty, but also like the am for the energy, like power. So that was kind of the way I was thinking about it. But I, but I wanted to be a small, quick limb. Kind of like, you know, think about Uber or Lyft and things that are easy to remember and say. Like even just saying, I think it has to be one word just, and because you want it to be an app and kind of like a verb, right? Like how now we just say Uber it and, you know, or DoorDash it or things like that. So you need to be like amply it or something like that. So it has to have that feel to it. To your point, it could just, it doesn't even have, like Uber doesn't mean car service anyways. It just means, you know, like premium or something, right? So it could mean something completely different. Yeah. So I'm not tied to that it has to be related to energy, but I think just a word that we like. Okay. Cool. Okay. I think it ties in like that it means something, right? Like it has to still connect to something from the business of the idea of who we are or who we wanted to help or something, right? All right. Yeah, nice. That GM EV sure to get on. How did you come about that? So they have, this was last year before amply though. So I could have asked them questions, but I did. This was, they did like a EV, they had GM come to our office and you could test drive and they were giving us an offer and stuff and you could test drive. So they brought the cars to the office so you could test drive it and see if you liked it or not. And then if you wanted to make a purchase, it was kind of like a sales pitch. Yeah. My dad retired from General Motors. Oh really? I'm gonna have that to pull out too. So cause that's a thing. And I mean, from, they were making GM Delco, they were in my hometown, they were making and to NAFTA jacked it up, but they were making, I think starters and alternators and that kind of stuff. So yeah, he retired until he died. He received a check from General Motors. So yeah, he was in a union, a UAW and all of that. So automotive part, you know, it's in my blood. So yeah, no, that's freaking awesome. All right. So I will be prepared cause, are they gonna tell us when they're gonna put our photo on LinkedIn? No, I'm not. Check away. Why? Okay. But I think we should check with Aaron. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. The other guy. What's his name? The guy who does the coordination is. He's done. Adam and Adam. Adam, I think. Okay. Okay. I think we should write to the, but the entrepreneurship email and we can just tell them like, hey, we don't wanna go and like soon, like we wanna go later and we're trying to change. I think it will give us the material to confirm that. But it's getting pushed out, right? Yeah. I think we should check with him as it gets confirmed. I think they controlled this. Okay. Yeah. So how do we, so okay, we pick five names. I mean, five would bring, you know, let's say Monday, Tuesday would bring five names to each other that we have run through all the systems, you know, try to get it. And then, but 33.

[Segment 11 - 100:00]
 percent of peace, how do we vote on a name and be and not have any pressure at the house over the over the coffee pot in the teapot or me providing pressure from New Jersey? How do we equally say, you know what, that's actually cool. Yours is better than mine. I think we roll. We'll have a read doing it. Yeah, it'll feel it like we're like, yes, this makes sense. Okay, we'll cast it. Yeah. Okay, so just before we close out, are we meeting on Monday or? Um, Monday, yes. I can be on Monday evening. Yeah, yeah, same time, eight o'clock. Yeah, we're just going to do ballot. So we should be back in the evening. Yeah, okay. No, we have our friend visiting this week. He's gonna stay, but he's gonna go and do things in the city by himself. But Monday, we are spending time with, he's got his side as well. So there's three, four of us will spend time with him on Monday. Okay, okay. And I think, uh, all it's like we're gonna do it. Like we're gonna hit to the beach now, hang out. And, um, that's a happy for it. Yeah. Yeah. It's confusing. It's always confusing because again, people reading the constitution, I go, who is freedom? I mean, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, freedom is getting, getting this pitch through. That's freedom. Yeah. So, yeah, I don't know. It's kind of, it's kind of, yeah. Because Juneteenth was more freedom for, you know, my family. Because, you know, we were free and yet we didn't even know the slaves are free and yet they didn't tell them yet. So that's what Juneteenth is about. It was about that in Texas, they were like, oops, we forgot to tell you the slavery was over. My bad. And so we got some more, a couple more months of payout of low, low no pay. You know, no Saturday night live, they had the skit. And it was Robert De Nirob. And he was talking to a slave. He was like, Hey, it was a, you know, it was my Rudolph. He was like, so what time do you get off? She's like, I don't get off. I'm a slave forever. You know, so he was, he was trying to date her, I guess. And she was like, yeah, what time do you get out work? I'm working for seven forever. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna do, but we, there's a lot of the planes for DC or stage here at the airfield. So they've been taking off going down DC to do a flyover. So yeah, like even in New York, like people have been putting up pics of the planes flying and putting out stuff. Yeah. All right, people. And, and when so far, so I want you to look at, so the customers got ready and have my notebook with me. But I was taking account of all the people I was talking to. I put the demographics, what they look like, you know, but these are all poor people. So it was nobody out of that 27. I don't think anybody had any education. So I was talking to people when I was down at the funeral. And, and I tried to, I'm still supposed to talk to that couple, older couple, there in their 70s with the BMW. But I haven't called them. I guess I'll call them tomorrow. I've got this. Okay. And if you put, did you put the chat, the conversations in the folder? It's in a amalgamation of, it says 27. And because I didn't have a notebook with me, when I came to use chat and I summarized everything and I talked about demographics, what they look and then the stuff we talked about. And it's all in about a seven page document. Okay, cool. I will take that as well and add it to and rerun the prompt so that we can't updated information with work. All right, man. All right, I come with my five. I'm ready. Then take it away. All right. Amply. I like amply though. Yeah, we can stick with it. And just find it out. Yeah, I first heard it. I was like, Oh my God. I hate this. But you know, you remember I said that last. Yeah, I know. But like now I feel like it's got a nice drink to it. It just has grown on me. Yeah. But, but we will, we will revisit because it was just a name we randomly chose. So we will revisit it. But I don't know, I don't know who would like pal and tear it just by hearing it. It's like pal and tear. Oh my God. That's amazing. Uber sounds like crap. But you know, yeah, true. Yeah. Now who's laughing? All right. I'll talk to you guys later. Yeah. Have a good weekend. Talk to you later. Bye.