 What does the stupid one wake up? that's it. you you you you you you you you you you you you you what is this what is this new site that I'm on? new site? no, it's not a new site. it's just a it's the whole Zoom product but for us self-hosted running on our servers all the alpha stays with us. Nobody knows how many times we jump on a call. They're not studying our behaviors for ampute. Oh, it took them to any meetings to get there. And this is the information they talked about. These are the two dooves. So what I've done is all of that infrastructure I've plugged it in with an AI and now I can't afford as we get advanced as of now it's just generating meeting summaries and action items putting together to do so it goes automatically into a project sheet and then you get to that manipulate it based on a sign not a sign. Yeah, good work. So what what platform is this sitting on? This is Zoom. No, this is not Zoom. What is it? I'm using a service called CloudFlare for the live streaming and the rest of it is sitting on its program, right? All of the rest of it is programmed for us. So the service that is giving us this quality of video that is being I use CloudFlare to do this. CloudFlare runs about 70% of the Internet. If you look it up. So think of it like this done the way I'm looking at it is like he built this out for us to use for Apple because he keeps testing it out. Right now, Apple is more top secret than the US government. You have to protect stuff and I really like this. For me, I just wanted to know what it was because a few things. One is, I mean, we're way more secure than this, but this is how you protect stuff because without knowing that you should protect because most of a conversation with people is why the hell are you on the Internet? Why do you have Facebook? Why do you have any of this crap? Why are you telling everybody your personal business? And that's what people generally do. And having something like this protects it all from the beginning and we can talk amongst ourselves and then nobody surprised us with having all our information. That's generally what happens. I like this. This is actually good. I just wanted to know how to do it in the future so that, you know, I'm thinking we're using AI, but I'm using everybody's AI. I'm telling them everything I look up everybody else sees and I'm making AI smarter about me. You know, just like anything else. And I, yeah, I like it. I'm a fan. So, yeah. I'm all about protecting our alpha. Every time we feed our information into AI, I'm so concerned that these guys have to know how to us because they lead up our business as we keep moving forward, right? We're getting really strong with what we're doing. So I say, let me keep that all away from these general purpose intelligence. And just yesterday, I deployed our own model as well. So I'm testing that. Whether that comes together within by the end of this month, we should be completely enabled. No dependencies on cloud, chat, GPT, none of it. So we'll all each have our own personal models. That'll be connected to this. I'll give you access. So even when we speak with our clients, customers, partners, interviews, all of that information does not get fed into GPT and we're not giving it away, you know, that insight. Yeah. So we were talking about, I ran away to clean up dog poop. The other man in the chase down spinach. And he's in a kennel today. So we're going to get out of house in a minute, but we could have been a kennel so we can go out and do stuff. Because he's a puppy. He needs round, we're on a clock coverage. But so what we're talking about is, you know, I mean, all good stuff. And, and Timmy's texting me right now. I'm like, Timmy, you're looking for a job, all the jobs I've found it's in your way. You and me on all day long on the soccer stuff. You know, see, he's not looking for a job. So I keep thinking about this. And when I'm coaching people, I always say the same thing. And I know we're not in this. So because as I told my team that when we first started that first couple of days at Cornell, you know, I'm not in the teacher on our team. But with this, because I want this to pass and go through, it's a couple of things that I saw that I just wanted to highlight. And, and that thing that you and I, Ruckmo, were talking about at the bar. And I want to highlight just so you'll know.